Hey Guys, Welcome Back To Explainer
X In Today's Video. I Am Going To
Explain Brownian Movement Romance
Drama Movie So Know The Story Of
This Movie In Today's Explanation, So
Without Wasting Any Time, Let's Begin.
At the beginning of the movie we are shown
a woman named Scarlett who has come to see a
flat. The flat was big and beautiful. So that flat
Scarlett is very fond of and she takes it on Rant.
After taking the rant, she gets ready
and goes to school to pick up her son.
After going to school, Scarlett sees that her
son is taking a bath in the swimming pool.
She waits there for a while and Scarlett
comes home with her son. In the evening
Scarlett tells a story to her son. His son's name
is Benjamin. Benjamin want to hear another story.
But Scarlett puts him to sleep. The next morning
we see Scarlett's husband named Max. Seeing these
two, we come to know that the relationship between
these two is going very well. After that Scarlett
goes to work. And we learn that Scarlett is a
doctor, Scarlett goes to the hospital to see a
patient who has a lot of hair on her body. After
that Scarlett gets intimate with that patient,
both of them get intimate in the flat which
Scarlett had rented at the beginning of the movie.
This flat was taken on rent by Scarlett so that
she can get intimate with her patient there.
After getting intimate with that man, Scarlett
goes to give a lecture in a college, the next
day a new patient comes to Scarlett. starts doing
s***** then she takes that patient to her flat and
she gets intimate with him. It was a daily thing
for Scarlett to get intimate with the patient and
every day she takes some patient to the flat and
gets intimate with him. Scarlett is also intimate
with her husband everyday but she did not enjoy
the pleasure that she enjoys with her patient.
And Scarlett also manages their marriage life
very well and Max loves Scarlett very much.
He also takes her to a beach for a walk and then
the next day Scarlett gets intimate with an old
patient and Scarlett She was also supposed to
attend the parent teacher meeting on the same day,
but Scarlett is late and when she reaches the
parent teacher meeting Max is already there. Same
evening Max asks Scarlett if everything is fine
To which Scarlett says that everything is fine
and she has no problem, then the next day Scarlett
goes to the construction site to meet her husband.
Seeing Scarlett where Max works, Max tells her
that she has come early because she has yet to
finish some work. Scarlett tells her that by then
she has come to see the building from inside,
then Scarlett starts walking around the building.
After some time he sees a worker working there.
When he sees the worker Scarlett, the worker
recognizes him and he asks Scarlett if
Scarlett has forgotten him. Seeing the worker,
Scarlett panics and Scarlett starts screaming.
The worker tries to calm her down but Scarlett
punches her in the face. The worker falls down.
As the worker wakes up Scarlett gives her
another punch and then she herself faints
there. The next day we see Scarlett unconscious
in the hospital with Max sitting beside her.
After some time Scarlett regains consciousness and
a few days pass like this, due to that accident,
Max had also come to know that Scarlett
was intimate with his patient, then to
save his relationship, Scarlett started going
to psychiatrist. Scarlett tells his psychiatrist
that the relationship between him and max is not
good and max does not trust him at all, after a
few days Scarlett goes to the psychiatrist with
max for therapy the psychiatrist asks Scarlett.
what she thinks about max then Scarlett tells
that max is very good husband and he is very
handsome and attractive and they know each other
very well and max takes care of his likes and
dislikes. Then the psychiatrist asks her if
she can tell the difference between max and
her patient with whom she was intimate, then
Scarlett says that her patient and max have
nothing in common and she likes to touch max
but not the patient. Also she feels different
Max asks Scarlett when did she rent that
room and is she intimate with her patient
everyday Scarlett doesn't say
anything and she keeps Quiet.
The next day Scarlett talks about a
man who has a lot of hair on his body,
Scarlett explains that after being intimate,
he can't remember the patient's face properly,
all he remembers was that a man's
nails were strange. The nose was
strange. After hearing that a man
had a lot of hair on his body,
the psychiatrist asks Scarlett why did you choose
your patient after all, which had some flaws.
Scarlett says that I should not answer this or
else her relationship with Max will get worse,
then after this Scarlett sits outside a building
and starts laughing seeing the airplane going over
her, we come to know that that Scarlett is
a mental patient. After this we see Scarlett
in the court where her trial was going on.
Because of this, a case was also done on him,
but even after this, Scarlett did not have
the slightest remorse for his actions.
When the court sees Scarlett, the court thinks
that Scarlett's mental state is not good and
Scarlett is also fired from the doctor's job
and his medical license is also canceled,
after that we give Scarlett and Max a Let's
see in the flat Max knows that Scarlett's
mental state is not right so he decides to give
Scarlett one more chance then the scene changes
and we are shown the scene after 2 years
we are shown that Max India has shifted
with Scarlett and they have twin children
with them. The relationship between Max and
Scarlett also starts improving and
Scarlett is also slowly recovering.
Then 1 day Scarlett comes to the construction
site to meet Max there Max sees Scarlett talking
to a worker Max starts suspecting Scarlett
that Scarlett has started getting intimate
with someone else again but He does not talk to
Scarlett about this, now there is no work due
to the loss of Scarlett's job, so she gets bored
at home, after a few days goes to the construction
site of Scarlett max. But that building was
completed and there it does not get max.
The watchmen here tell that the work
is over and now there is no one here.
Charlotte asks the watchmen for permission
if she can see the building from inside.
The watchman gives her permission to see the
building. Scarlett starts walking on the roof
of the building, here when Max comes home,
he realizes that Scarlett is not at home,
he asks the housemaid about it, then she
says that Scarlett is has gone out then
max asks maid if she goes out everyday then maid
says yes, she goes out everyday. Hearing all this,
Max begins to doubt Charlotte even more and that
night Max and Charlotte are getting intimate.
Then Scarlett closes her eyes, seeing all this
Max gets very angry and comes out the next day
Scarlett goes to the roof of the
same building and sleeps there,
which makes her feel very good the next day
when Scarlett When she leaves the house,
Max follows her. Max follows her into
the building. Then she goes to the roof
of the building looking for Charlotte. She
regrets seeing him sitting alone in a corner.
that he suspects Scarlett has started
being intimate with someone else again.
And seeing Scarlett in this condition max leaves
from there that night max doesn't even sleep
properly and next day Scarlett teaches her son to
play piano and max spends time with his twin kids
same night max goes to Scarlett hugs and talks
about love The next day max Scarlett is going on
a trip somewhere. Scarlett enjoys this trip a lot,
now the relationship between max and Scarlett has
improved a lot but max now charlottel will never
be able to trust as before, here the movie ends.